#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass dlrbook
\options figures=dlr
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Subject
RM_LaTeX
\end_layout

\begin_layout Title
DLR report layout with LyX
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subtitle
An easy to use DLR layout package
\end_layout

\begin_layout ReportNumber
IB-unknown-lyx
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Andreas Klöckner
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset toc
LatexCommand tableofcontents

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Chapter
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This is an introduction to using the dlrbook document class with LyX.
 Please see the dlrtext documentation for using the DLR layouts with plain
 LaTeX.
 This feature is experimental, so please check back often to retrieve updates.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Chapter
Installation
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
To install the LyX layout files, follow these steps:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Locate your LyX UserDir using the LyX menu: 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Help/About LyX
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Copy the contents of RM_LaTeX's /lyx folder to your UserDir.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Run LyX's 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Tools/Reconfigure
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 LyX will now find the new configuration files.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Restart LyX, as to make the new layout files available.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
You're done.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
